Release notes XTC 87 (#245)
Xceptance/xlt-documentation: content/en/xtc/xtc-release-notes/v87.md

---
title: XTC v87
linkTitle: XTC v87

weight: 129
type: docs

date: 2024-08-09

description: 2024-08-13

sitemap:
  changefreq: never
  priority: 0.1
---

## Load Testing

### New Feature: Live View of Errors and Events

XTC now displays error and event information from your load test while it is running. This allows you to analyze errors and events as they occur without having to create an interim load test report.

To view errors and events, open the new *Error Reporting* tab on the details page of your load test. Specify the time period you are interested in and use the search and filter controls to narrow down the list of entries. Error entries include a stack trace, which can be viewed by expanding the entry.

> Note that error and event data is stored for 24 hours only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that error and event data is stored for **24 hours only**.
```

> Note that this error and event data is available for 24 hours only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that error and event data is stored for 24 hours only.
```
